Submission of Iterative Honing Assigment
Author: Nnamdi Nwaokorie

Link to ChatGPT Chat Logs: https://chat.openai.com/share/72e70392-fdc0-41ba-941d-0250efb01bd9

1) In response to the first request, ChatGPT is very professional and formal in the way in answers the question and provides its explanations.  It completely stays on topic and is very accurate. 

2) ChatGPT's response to the second question which seeks more information that could have been left out by ChatGPT is impressive.  It kindly and sincerely responds with an explanation as to why that information was left out and even begins with an apology for any misconceptions it might have caused.  It retains its accuracy and coherency throughout the entirety of its second response. 

3) Yet again, ChatGPT is impressive in its response to the third iteration. It accurately and coherently goes into greater detail about the topic at hand and never becomes irrelevant or goes off topic. It continues to go into greater detail about the topic while also providing very easy to understand explanations.

4) When asked about why it has left out certain information regarding the topic, ChatGPT now primarily blames its dependance on a body of knowledge before the date of September 2021. It still accurately and effectively explains what it knows based on the information that it has at hand. 

5) It should be noted than when asked a tough clarifying question in this fifth iteration, ChatGPT actually took a few more seconds than usual to generate a response. Still though, the response was worth the wait because ChatGPT provides an amazingly accurate answer and explanation.  Even now, ChatGPT remains coherent and its answers, easily understood.  

NOTE: No suggestions of improvement are made because of how incredbily accurate, precise, and easily-understood ChatGPT's answers are to strictly scientific questions!  I think the challenges for ChatGPT will ariese when asked difficults questions about more social or cultural topics!  
